README.md, before:

# authorDB
Manage bookauthors - meteor.js based webapp

## Roadmap

### v1.0

## Changelog

### v0.11
- v0.11.3 - updated to meteor v1.0.4.2, bugfixing
- v0.11.2 - bugfixing and improvements addressdata
- v0.11.1 - redesign and restructure 
- v0.11.0 - redesign and restructure 

### v0.10
- v0.10.5 - updated to meteor v1.0.4.1 
- v0.10.4 - added todos, improved various views
- v0.10.3 - improved author data, added changelog view
- v0.10.2 - improved author data
- v0.10.1 - improved author views, added displayName, improved search
- v0.10.0 - updated to meteor v1.0.3.2 

### v0.9
- v0.9.9 - deploy second beta
- v0.9.8 - added data
- v0.9.7 - added list views
- v0.9.6 - enhanced print functions
- v0.9.5 - fixed print functions
- v0.9.4 - added print layout and functions
- v0.9.3 - changed billing functions
- v0.9.2 - additional design fixtures
- v0.9.1 - design fixtures
- v0.9.0 - added roles and permission management

### v0.8
- v0.8.7 - fixed login/logout, changed login view
- v0.8.6 - testing functions
- v0.8.5 - fixed functions after first deploy
- v0.8.4 - added new functions to books collection
- v0.8.3 - expanded books
- v0.8.2 - added new billing options
- v0.8.1 - finished single billing view, added meteor-up
- v0.8.0 - added more billing functions, added libreka upload, changed author billing view 

### v0.7
- v0.7.9 - added rudimental billing function
- v0.7.8 - expanded authors views, added conditions to author show
- v0.7.7 - changed files structure
- v0.7.6 - changed author views
- v0.7.5 - added fields to book schema, changed bookEdit and bookShow and added modals for edition
- v0.7.4 - added npm modules
- v0.7.3 - fixed book-import, added author-import
- v0.7.2 - fixed navigation and sales view
- v0.7.1 - fixed book new and edit functions
- v0.7.0 - added sales-functions and views

### v0.6
- v0.6.3 - changed README
- v0.6.2 - upload-function contracts
- v0.6.1 - upload-function books finished
- v0.6.0 - add upload functions and packages for file handling 

### v0.5
- v0.5.2 - changed stats function
- v0.5.1 - added branch 'testing'
- v0.5.0 - updated meteor.js to 1.0.3.1

### v0.4
- v0.4.0 - changed collection for stats

### v0.3
- v0.3.0 - testing chartdata

### v0.2
- v0.2.0 - set my default environment

### v0.1
- v0.1.0 - created project

Commit message:

v0.11.4 - added fields authorImg and authorBio to the author collection

README.md, after:

# authorDB
Manage bookauthors - meteor.js based webapp

## Roadmap

### v1.0

## Changelog

### v0.11
- v0.11.4 - added fields authorImg and authorBio to the author collection
- v0.11.3 - updated to meteor v1.0.4.2, bugfixing
- v0.11.2 - bugfixing and improvements addressdata
- v0.11.1 - redesign and restructure 
- v0.11.0 - redesign and restructure 

### v0.10
- v0.10.5 - updated to meteor v1.0.4.1 
- v0.10.4 - added todos, improved various views
- v0.10.3 - improved author data, added changelog view
- v0.10.2 - improved author data
- v0.10.1 - improved author views, added displayName, improved search
- v0.10.0 - updated to meteor v1.0.3.2 

### v0.9
- v0.9.9 - deploy second beta
- v0.9.8 - added data
- v0.9.7 - added list views
- v0.9.6 - enhanced print functions
- v0.9.5 - fixed print functions
- v0.9.4 - added print layout and functions
- v0.9.3 - changed billing functions
- v0.9.2 - additional design fixtures
- v0.9.1 - design fixtures
- v0.9.0 - added roles and permission management

### v0.8
- v0.8.7 - fixed login/logout, changed login view
- v0.8.6 - testing functions
- v0.8.5 - fixed functions after first deploy
- v0.8.4 - added new functions to books collection
- v0.8.3 - expanded books
- v0.8.2 - added new billing options
- v0.8.1 - finished single billing view, added meteor-up
- v0.8.0 - added more billing functions, added libreka upload, changed author billing view 

### v0.7
- v0.7.9 - added rudimental billing function
- v0.7.8 - expanded authors views, added conditions to author show
- v0.7.7 - changed files structure
- v0.7.6 - changed author views
- v0.7.5 - added fields to book schema, changed bookEdit and bookShow and added modals for edition
- v0.7.4 - added npm modules
- v0.7.3 - fixed book-import, added author-import
- v0.7.2 - fixed navigation and sales view
- v0.7.1 - fixed book new and edit functions
- v0.7.0 - added sales-functions and views

### v0.6
- v0.6.3 - changed README
- v0.6.2 - upload-function contracts
- v0.6.1 - upload-function books finished
- v0.6.0 - add upload functions and packages for file handling 

### v0.5
- v0.5.2 - changed stats function
- v0.5.1 - added branch 'testing'
- v0.5.0 - updated meteor.js to 1.0.3.1

### v0.4
- v0.4.0 - changed collection for stats

### v0.3
- v0.3.0 - testing chartdata

### v0.2
- v0.2.0 - set my default environment

### v0.1
- v0.1.0 - created project
